BXII.d.26.	Morphological and physiological characteristics of described species of the genus Desulforhopalus!a
BXII.c.185.	Identification of genomospecies within the phenospecies for Aeromonas hydrophila!a!b
BXII.c.150.	Characteristics differentiating members of the Shewanella putrefaciens species complex, S. baltica, S. algae, and DNA hybridization Group III!a
BXII.c.147.	Differential characteristics of Psychromonas species!a!b
BXII.d.10.	Differential characteristics of the genera of the family Desulfohalobiaceae!a
23.c	(Continued)
BXII.d.17.	Morphological and physiological characteristics of described species of the genus Desulfobacula!a
24.c	(Continued)
BXII.d.43.	Differential characteristics of the genera Syntrophus, Desulfomonile, Desulfobacca, and Smithella which constitute the family Syntrophaceae!a
BXII.d.19.	Morphological and physiological characteristics of described species of the genus Desulfofrigus!a
BXII.d.49.	Other characteristics of the species of the genus Bacteriovorax!a
BXII.c.142.	Phenotypic characteristics of Marinobacter hydrocarbonoclasticus and Pseudomonas nautica!a!b!c
80.	Tests differentiating Exiguobacterium species using the API 50CHE system!a!b
BXII.d.18.	Morphological and physiological characteristics of described species of the genus Desulfococcus!a
BXII.c.184.	Differential characteristics for the genera Aeromonas, Plesiomonas, and Vibrio!a
BXII.d.2.	Characteristics of the genera of the family Desulfovibrionaceae!a
BXII.c.144.	Characteristics differentiating the species of the genus Pseudoalteromonas!a
BXII.c.188.	Differentiation of the genus Tolumonas from the closest phylogenetic relatives!a
BXII.d.3.b	
BXII.d.41.	Differential characteristics of Desulfacinum and related speciesa
BXII.d.12.	Differentiation of Desulfohalobium retbaense from other moderately halophilic sulfate-reducing bacteria!a
BXII.d.11.	Differentiation of Desulfohalobium retbaense from its closest phylogenetic relatives Desulfomicrobium spp. and Desulfonatronovibrio hydrogenovorans!a
BXII.c.146.	Other characteristics of selected species of the genus Pseudoalteromonas!a
BXII.c.173.	Differentiation of the arginine-positive species V. fluvialis, V. furnissii, and V. damsela and comparison with Aeromonasa
BXII.d.25.	Morphological and physiological characteristics of described species of the genus Desulfocapsa!a
BXII.c.190.	Differential characteristics of A. succiniciproducens and A. thomasii!a!b
BXII.c.164.b	
BXII.c.133.	Properties of Psychrobacter species!a
BXII.d.35.	Differential characteristics of the genera Pelobacter and Malonomonas!a
23.a	Differential characteristics of genera in the family Flavobacteriaceae!a!b
BXII.c.134.	Differentiation of the genera Enhydrobacter and Aeromonas
BXII.d.1.	Differential characteristics of the species of the genus Desulfurella!a
BXII.d.46.	Characteristics of Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus and of halophilic bdellovibrios!a
BXII.c.165.	Biochemical test results and other properties of the 12 Vibrio species that occur in human clinical specimensa*
BXII.c.183.	Differential characteristics for psychrophilic nonmotile Aeromonas species and subspecies (HG 3)
BXII.d.29.	Differentiation of the four genera of nitrite-oxidizing bacteria
BXII.d.9.	Other characteristics of the species of the genus Desulfomicrobium!a
BXII.d.24.	Morphological and physiological characteristics of described species of the genus Desulfobulbus!a
25.	Fatty acid composition (%) of Flavobacterium species!a!b
BXII.d.39.	Differential characteristics of the species of the genus Syntrophobacter!a
BXII.c.177.	Differential characteristics of species of Photobacterium!a
BXII.c.129.	Characteristics differentiating three Gram-negative, motile, prodigiosin-producing species
BXII.d.23.	Differential characteristics of the genera of the family Desulfobulbaceae!a
23.b	(Continued)
BXII.d.38.	Differential characteristics of the genera of the family Syntrophobacteraceae!a
24.d	(Continued)
BXII.d.27.	Morphological and physiological characteristics of described species of the genus Desulfotalea!a!b
BXII.d.47.	Characteristics differentiating strains of Bdellovibrio bacteriovorus from those of halophilic bdellovibrios!a
BXII.d.16.	Morphological and physiological characteristics of all described species of the genus Desulfobacterium!a
BXII.d.42.	Characteristics useful in differentiating Thermodesulforhabdus norvegica from Desulfacinum infernum and Syntrophobacter wolinii!a
BXII.c.163.a	Biochemical reactions of the named species and unnamed groups of the genera Vibrio, Moritella, and Salinivibrio.
BXII.d.36.	Differential characteristics of the species of the genus Pelobacter!a
BXII.c.186.	Differential characteristics among motile Aeromonas species!a
BXII.c.140.	Characteristics differentiating the species of the genus Glaciecola!a
BXII.d.20.	Morphological and physiological characteristics of described species of the genus Desulfonema!a
BXII.c.148.	Phenotypic characteristics which differentiate the species of the genus Shewanella!a
BXII.c.163.c	
BXII.d.50.	Differential characteristics of the species of the genus Bacteriovorax!a
BXII.d.22.	Some characteristics of the species of the genera Desulfospira and Desulfobacula!a
BXII.d.31.	Primary fatty acids of the described species of nitrite-oxidizing bacteria!a!b
BXII.d.37.	Differentiation of the species of the genus Geobacter
BXII.d.34.	Differential characteristics of the species of the genus Desulfuromusa!a!b
BXII.d.40.	Other characteristics of Syntrophobacter species!a
BXII.c.138.	Other characteristics of the species of the genus Colwellia!a
BXII.d.13.	Differentiation of Desulfonatronum lacustre and Desulfonatronovibrio hydrogenovorans from other sulfate-reducing bacteria with similar mol% G+C values!a
BXII.d.45.	Phenotypic characteristics of the genus Smithella and some of its phylogenetic relatives in the order Syntrophobacterales!a
BXII.c.141.	Phenotypic characterisitics differentiating the genus Marinobacter from other marine bacteria
BXII.c.92.	Differentiation of Neptunomonas from some other marine naphthalene-degrading bacteria!a!b
BXII.c.178.	Other biochemical characteristics of Photobacterium species!a
BXII.c.179.	Differential characteristics of the subspecies of Salinivibrio costicola!a
81.	Tests differentiating Exiguobacterium species using the Biolog GP Microplate system!a!b
BXII.d.44.	Morphological and physiological characteristics of described species of the genus Syntrophus!a
BXII.d.7.	Differential characteristics of the species of the genus Desulfomicrobium!a
BXII.c.145.	Other characteristics of selected species of the genus Pseudoalteromonas!a
24.	Characteristics that differentiate species in the genus Flavobacterium with validly published names!a!b
BXII.c.187.	Identification of the genomospecies within the phenospecies Aeromonas caviae!a!b
BXII.c.182.	Descriptive characteristics among all motile Aeromonas species!a
BXII.c.136.	Characteristics of Alteromonas macleodii!a
BXII.c.164.a	Properties of the species and biogroups of Vibrio!a
24.b	(cont.)
BXII.c.154.	Growth temperatures, electrolyte optima, and nutritional versatility of 10 recently described Vibrio species and Photobacterium iliopiscarium!a
BXII.d.48.	Differentiation of the genus Bacteriovorax from other closely related taxa!a
BXII.c.143.	Differential characteristics of Marinobacterium and some aerobic, rod-shaped, marine bacteria that require NaCl to grow!a
BXII.d.15.	Morphological and physiological characteristics of described species of the genus Desulfobacter!a
BXII.c.137.	Characteristics differentiating the species of the genus Colwellia!a
BXII.c.151.	Additional phenotypic characteristics of marine Shewanella species!a
BXII.d.3.a	Morphological and physiological characteristics of described species of the genus Desulfovibrio!a
BXII.d.30.	Properties of the nitrite-oxidizing bacteria
BXII.d.5.	Characteristics of the genus Bilophila!a
BXII.d.33.	Morphological and physiological characteristics of described species of the genus Desulfuromonas!a
BXII.c.170.	Differentiation of the arginine-negative, lysine-positive species V. alginolyticus, V. parahaemolyticus, V. vulnificus, and V. harveyi
BXII.d.21.	Morphological and physiological characteristics of described species of the genus Desulfosarcina!a
BXII.c.135.	Characteristics differentiating some genera belonging to the family Alteromonadaceae!a
BXII.c.153.	Properties of the four genera originally classified in the family Vibrionaceae by Veron (1965); comparison with Enterobacteriaceae
